Chapter 1

1) Dynamic typing is common in interpreted languages.
2) Static typing does type checking at compile-time, which allows the compiler to catch trivial bugs early.
It also aids the program in debugging and understanding the code, and creates a safety discipline. Finally,
since type checking is done before runtime, programs can generally run faster.
3) int x = "14";
4) If your code has a minor bug, optimization can make the bug appear or disappear. This makes debugging difficult. Furthermore, it might encourage you to write better code.
5) The assembly code generated by running gcc -S will depend on the processor architecture. This varies depending on the machine you're using.
6) The two errors will be found at different stages of compilation. A syntax error (spelling a variable name wrong) will likely be during the parsing stage. On the other hand, spelling a function name wrong might produce a linking error if the compiler thinks you are trying to load the function from an external library.


Chapter 2

1) Taking prescription medicine is an example of virtualization. You are likely not aware of how the prescription medicine functions at a molecular level inside your body, but your doctor told you that the medicine is expected to relieve your symptoms.
2) A process is a software object that represents a running program. Essentially, a process is a program that is executed. This allows you to run a program in isolation and not worry about program to program interactions.
3) Process abstraction allows the programmer to not have to worry about interaction with other programs. It provides a number of features such as multitasking, virtual memory, and device abstraction that allow processes to run in isolation. 
4) The kernel is the part of the operating system that is responsible for the core tasks such as creating threads.
5) A daemon is a process that runs in the background and provides operating system services.

Chapter 3
1) 6 bits
2) 2^32 = 4294967296
3) Storage will refer to HDDs and SSDs, whereas memory will refer to the main memory that is usually the RAM.
4) GB: 10^9 bytes. GiB: 2^30 bytes. 1 GB is 7.3% greater than 1 GiB.
5) The virtual memory in each of the processes map to physical memory such that they avoid overlap. This ensures that there are no collisions.
6) This ensures that the two can extend until all the memory is used up. If the two were randomly placed, the stack and the heap would either have to be reallocated or fragmented as they expanded.
7) Dictionary (map)
8) A context switch is the mechanism by which a process is interrupted and saved for later retrieval. When switching processes, the page table needs to be loaded into the MMU.
